docs: add `addComponent` and testing to modules and update `addImports` (#7543)
nuxt/framework: docs/content/2.guide/4.going-further/3.modules.md

import { defineNuxtModule, addPlugin, createResolver } from '@nuxt/kit'

export default defineNuxtModule<ModuleOptions>({

>   setup(options, nuxt) {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  setup (options, nuxt) {
```

import { defineNuxtModule } from '@nuxt/kit'

export default defineNuxtModule({

>   setup(options, nuxt) {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  setup (options, nuxt) {
```

    nuxt.options.css.push('font-awesome/css/font-awesome.css')
  }
})
```

### Adding Vue Components

> If your module should provide Vue components, you can use `addComponents` utility to add them as auto-imports for nuxt to resolve.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your module should provide Vue components, you can use the `addComponent` utility to add them as auto-imports for Nuxt to resolve.
```

```ts
import { defineNuxtModule, addComponent } from '@nuxt/kit'

export default defineNuxtModule({
  setup(options, nuxt) {
    addComponent({

>       name: 'MyComponent', // name of the component

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      name: 'MyComponent', // name of the component to be used in vue templates
```

>       export: 'MyAwesomeComponent', // (optional) name of the component to be used in vue templates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      export: 'MyAwesomeComponent', // (optional) if the component is a named (rather than default) export
```

import { defineNuxtModule } from '@nuxt/kit'

export default defineNuxtModule({

>   setup(options, nuxt) {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  setup (options, nuxt) {
```

    nuxt.hook('close', async nuxt => {
      // Your custom code here
    })
  }
})
```

### Testing a Module

> Nuxt also has a testing library for testing nuxt apps, which includes modules. You can check out [testing example](/examples/advanced/testing), to see how `@nuxt/test-utils` utilize `playwright` to test nuxt app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nuxt also has a testing library for testing Nuxt apps, which includes modules. You can check out [testing example](/examples/advanced/testing), to see how `@nuxt/test-utils` utilizes `playwright` to test nuxt app.
```

> If you wish to test your module outside of the module playground, recommended way is to use [npm-pack](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/v7/commands/npm-pack), or your package manager equivalent, to create tarball from your module. Then in your test project, you can add module to `package.json` packages as: `"nuxt-module-name": "file:/path/to/tarball.tgz"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you wish to test your module outside of the module playground, the recommended way is to use [npm-pack](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/v7/commands/npm-pack), or your package manager equivalent, to create a tarball from your module. Then in your test project, you can add your module to `package.json` packages as: `"nuxt-module-name": "file:/path/to/tarball.tgz"`
```
